# Masakhane Meeting Notes: 16/01/2020

- Time: 19:00
- Number of Attendees: 
- Notes taken by Jade Abbott

## News

- ICLR 2020 - Kathleen on the line so people can ask questions. 
- 2 extended pages. 
- Deadline: Feb 7th 2020
- ICLR Templates


## Data

####  Wilhelmina
Wilhelmina is organising a Coffee & Hack session where she is going to the village to gather Nama/Damaara languages. She has a translator which she will be working with. 
- Afterwards, she will require someone to run through the notebook with her. 
    - Jade to help. 
- She is keen to write a paper.

#### Salomon
- Salomon asked about copyright when scraping websites as he'd scraped a number of them. In short: Yes, that work IS under copyright and we'd need to get permission. Vukosi said he should reach out to him. One of Vukosi plan is towards the end of the process, to contact the publisher and ask for permission.
- Vukosi suggested that Salomon and anyone doing some website scraping, who are going through the process of getting permission from websites should document their process if we win, how we won - Basically a note on best practices!
- Kathleen spoke to a lawyer  - the lawyer said it's okay if not for commercial purposes. She can connect us with a lawyer if we need to investigate. 

#### Vukosi
- Is chasing copyright on Xitsonga data! Someone bought the publisher so that's been hard to track down.

#### Laura
- Is still to be meet with Masabata to get all the parliamentary data. Hopefully this week. 

### Milestones Updates

#### ICLR Workshops
- Laura, Blessing, Julia, Salomon, Espoir, Vukosi have agreed to write it up.
- Iroro will be writing up something.
- Anyone else writing up something, please let Jade know! She can help assign mentors. 

#### EMNLP 
- May 11 - This will be a big paper.

#### Roles
- The idea is that we have a number of needs as the community scales. 
- We have a list of roles that need to be filled:
    - Motivators
    - Story Tellers
    - Scribe
    - Mentors
    - Engineers
    - Region Liaison
- These are outlined at the end of [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fPmxVx4Lru8jd6ee7LsDZLlUZ-726_cNX0vRMZbY4YY/edit).


**Action Item**: Everyone to read through the roles and add their names if they feel they can take one of these roles

**Action Item**: Engineering Discussion for those who are interested - Jade to organise after ICLR workshop deadline

As always, if there is something Jade missed while typing up the meeting, you're welcome to add to this document :) 